Throughout the last year, the COIVD-19 pandemic decimated communities across the globe. As we continue to combat the virus, small businesses continue to fall under due to the financial strain of social distancing.
In today’s economy, adaptability is an important factor in the survival of the thousands of small businesses that run our communities. Nevertheless, such adaptability is impossible without the resources to stay afloat.
This pandemic has torn the veil off the systemic lack of equity within communities of color and the consequences that come with this. As we all come from minority backgrounds, our team has witnessed this first hand in our own communities,
and out of empathy have worked on a solution to the growing number of failing minority-owned businesses.

This is Outreach, (SHOW LANDING HERE) the philanthropy platform for community leaders and passionate advocates of small businesses to come together and get our communities back on their feet. Any small business owners in need of some
funding to seed their pipelines of income can use our app to advertise themselves. (SHOW BUSINESS ONBOARDING HERE) After filling out the short application, a public profile page will be created under your name, and you’ll be listed as an
ambassador for your business. (SHOW INVESTOR ONBOARDING HERE) As an investor, you’ll also be able to create a page of your own. (SHOW BUSINESS ONBOARDING HERE) Business owners and investors can then browse profiles to find people who share
common goals. Several KPIs are listed on the top left-hand corner of each profile page to help investors and business owners form the best data-driven decisions (HOVER OVER KPIs). In addition to that, businesses can provide short bios, personalized
financial strategies, and social media in order to catch the eye of potential investors (HOVER DOWN LEFT COLUMN). While any small business owner can use this app, business owners who apply with a minority-owned business certificate receive a verified
badge next to their name, in order to help them stand out (HOVER OVER VERIFIED BADGE).

(GO TO CHAT) Once you find a potential business partner, you can begin connecting with them through the app’s built-in chat feature, in which you can get to know your partner better and distribute loans. While business owners can verbosely ask for loans
of certain amounts, it is ultimately up to the investor to send a contract with the amount of money loaned and the APY on the loan. After building your network and using the app for some time, you might want to track the data on your dashboard to figure
out your next business venture. Investors can track things such as the return on their investments over time, and business owners can track the completion of their loans and fluctuations in network size. Through the power of data and human kindness, we
hope that you’ll be able to find an outreach.
